{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Roemer van der Meij}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24320\viewh19520\viewkind1\viewscale120
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 For the UPennRAM datasets I only conducted analyses very briefly, but the files here do contain my cleaning of all the data Tammy and I selected (mostly Tammy ;)). \
\
The info file (rmr_upennram_info.m) contains all key metadata to run the rest of the files, inc filter specifics, sample segments to remove, bad channels, etc. \
\
The directory contains some support files, others are in another directory of this repo. \
\
I typically follow the following structure when doing analyses:\
1) read-in info file containing metadata (and paths)\
2) loop over subjects to read in data from disk, clean it, conduct analyses, and save out results\
\
\
Two files are of interest for doing analyses.\
rmr_upennram_fourier.m - 
\i this file reads in the data, computes the input for a SPACE-time/FSP decomposition, and saves it on disk. It shows how to use the files that do the cleaning, and that do the trial segmentation. \

\i0 rmr_upennram_getspace.m - 
\i perform SPACE decomposition. What is done wrt to the number of components is quickly tweaked by the variable nwaynmethod at the top: \'91ncompXX\'92 extracts XX components; \'91ncompXXsh\'92 does a split reliability comparison for only XX, to sample when components are no longer reliable; \'91splitrel\'92 goes through a full split reliability procedure, whose start/stepsize/end are set around line #145. 
\i0 \
\

\i (The code's documentation is, 'not perfect\'92, most of it was meant for my eyes only. However, the first part of all the analyses files should work. After that, there is typically a playground part in a subfunction for most of the files, these are where I often do quick on-the-fly ugly plotting and browsing. This is more likely to be a bit of a mess. Use this to get some primers on how you can plot various aspect of the results, and take it from there. There's a lot of copy pasting going on between files in the playground parts, hence the on-the-fly comment. It also depends often on files from the Matlab file exchange for plotting, which sometimes I hacked together for quick workarounds, plenty of gems to find on the exchange!)\
\

\i0 roe_brainplot_chancircle.m - 
\i I\'92ve included this file to use as inspiration for visualizing electrodes on the brain, it\'92s very old and not well documented. I also have not included the TAL/MNI templates that visualize the brain itself, adapt the code to use a template that you have, or use cfg.renderbrain = \'91no\'92.
\i0 \
roe_brainplot_chanpatch.m
\i  - I\'92ve included this file to use as inspiration for visualizing electrodes on the brain as a colored patch, it\'92s very old and not well documented. I also have not included the TAL/MNI templates that visualize the brain itself, adapt the code to use a template that you have, or use cfg.renderbrain = \'91no\'92.}