{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Roemer van der Meij}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23720\viewh18920\viewkind1\viewscale120
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 The files in this directory conduct SPACE spike time analyses for a bunch datasets from CRCNS and the spiking data from monkey Paco from Jose Carmena\'92s lab, analyzed by Ryan Canolty previously. \
\
Which files are for which datasets are indicated by their rmr_xxx_\'85 acronyms. There are a couple of support files as well.\
\
Of the datasets, focus on CRCNSPFC2 and CARMONKEY, these can be trusted, the rest might not be up to data. (The datasets can all be found on our storage, btw). \
\
All datasets have an \'91rmr_xxx_info.m\'92 file. This contains all key metadata, including paths, and is called at the start of most of the other files. The analyses in the files should run out-of-the-box, after changing only the pathing in the info files.\
\
The file sequence for obtain a SPACE spike decomposition are as follows, from the perspective of the PFC2 dataset on CRCNS.org (used for the SPACE spike methods paper).\
\
rmr_crcnspfc2_readspike.m - 
\i obtain a data structure of spike trains that can be used for the rest. This file also creates datasets of only the odd and even numbered spikes (for the SPACE split reliability approach)
\i0 \
rmr_crcnspfc2_getcorrgram.m - 
\i obtain cross-correlation histograms (or continuous versions for some datasets) to be used when visualizing extracted spiking networks\

\i0 rmr_crcnspfc2_getfourier.m - 
\i obtain cross spectra (their square root, see tutorial in nwaydecomp) to be used as input for SPACE (nd_nwaydecomp)
\i0 \
rmr_crcnspfc2_getspace.m - 
\i perform SPACE decomposition. What is done wrt to the number of components is quickly tweaked by the variable nwaynmethod at the top: \'91ncompXX\'92 extracts XX components; \'91ncompXXsh\'92 does a split reliability comparison for only XX, to sample when components are no longer reliable; \'91splitrel\'92 goes through a full split reliability procedure, whose start/stepsize/end are set around line #221. There is also a provision in this file for re-estimating the trial weights after spike timing networks were extracted using the average over trials. Use this section to see how to do so when e.g., not normalizing the trial dimension of the cross spectra in the first pass extraction, and then estimating trial weights afterwards using normalized cross spectra.  \

\i0 \
***rmr_crcnspfc2_info.m
\i  (metadata file called at the start of every other files)\

\i0 \
There are some other files for some of the datasets that conduct some other analyses. Of special interest is rmr_carmonkey_getseqcorrgram, which obtains a histogram like the other corrgrams, but now uses the extracted components to search for exact full and partial spike sequences occurrences (with some binning). This is an analyses I didn\'92t get a chance to look into further sadly.\
\

\i (The code's documentation is, 'not perfect\'92, most of it was meant for my eyes only. However, the first part of all the analyses files should work. After that, there is typically a playground part in a subfunction for most of the files, these are where I often do quick on-the-fly ugly plotting and browsing. This is more likely to be a bit of a mess. Use this to get some primers on how you can plot various aspect of the results, and take it from there. There's a lot of copy pasting going on between files in the playground parts, hence the on-the-fly comment. It also depends often on files from the Matlab file exchange for plotting, which sometimes I hacked together for quick workarounds, plenty of gems to find on the exchange!)}